README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="./Media/Icon.png" alt="Project icon" height="200px"/>
    <br>
    <strong>Settings.Net</strong>
    <br>
    A .NET library for easy accessing and storing settings and configuarions for your app.
</p>
<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net/workflows/Build/badge.svg" alt="Build Status">
<a href="https://codecov.io/gh/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net"><img src="https://codecov.io/gh/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=EIMZVKR3RL"/></a>
<a href="https://settingsdotnet.shingzh.eu.org"><img alt="View coverage report" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/View-Coverage%20Report-brightgreen"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net/issues"><img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net/stargazers"><img alt="GitHub stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net?color=gold"></a>
    </p>

## Get started
Under development...

Commit message:

docs(readme): create project status
Removed Get Started section for now, replaced with Project Progress section.
skip@all

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="./Media/Icon.png" alt="Project icon" height="200px"/>
    <br>
    <strong>Settings.Net</strong>
    <br>
    A .NET library for easy accessing and storing settings and configuarions for your app.
</p>
<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net/workflows/Build/badge.svg" alt="Build Status">
<a href="https://codecov.io/gh/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net"><img src="https://codecov.io/gh/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=EIMZVKR3RL"/></a>
<a href="https://settingsdotnet.shingzh.eu.org"><img alt="View coverage report" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/View-Coverage%20Report-brightgreen"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net/issues"><img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net/stargazers"><img alt="GitHub stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ShingZhanho/Settings.Net?color=gold"></a>
    </p>

## Project Progress
Here shows the current project status:
- [ ] Dealing with JSON
    - [ ]  Deserialize JSON data to objects
    - [ ]  Serialize objects to JSON data
- [ ] Unit tests (coverage >= 90%)
